Test if content creation with AI could stimulate the creation of reviewed content (#1887)
plone/documentation: docs/backend/subscribers.md

# Subscribers (event handlers)

> In Plone 6, the event system provides a robust mechanism for developers to execute custom actions in response to various occurrences within the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Plone 6, the event system provides a mechanism for developers to execute custom actions in response to various occurrences within the system.
```

This capability is facilitated through the use of event subscribers, also known as event handlers, which listen for specific events and perform predefined operations when those events are triggered.

## Overview of the Event System

Plone's event system is built upon the Zope Component Architecture's `zope.event` package, enabling a publish-subscribe pattern where events are broadcasted, and subscribers (event handlers) respond accordingly.
Key characteristics of this system include:

> - **Simplicity**: The event system is straightforward to implement and use.

Reviewer: I would remove this line

- **Non-deterministic Handler Execution Order**: The order in which event handlers are invoked is not specified and cannot be controlled.
- **Non-cancelable Events**: Once an event is emitted, all associated handlers will receive it; events cannot be canceled.
- **No Return Values**: Event handlers do not return values.
- **Exception Handling**: Exceptions raised within an event handler can interrupt the request processing.

> Events are typically defined by interfaces and may carry pertinent information about the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events are matching interfaces and may carry relevant information about the event.
```
- defined by is not correct, they match an interface. This could be possibly expressed better.
- Actually I had to look up pertinent, keep the language simple.

Object events, which pertain to specific content objects, implement the `zope.component.interfaces.IObjectEvent` interface and include an `object` attribute referencing the related content object.
This structure allows event handlers to be registered for specific object types and event types.

## Commonly Used Event Types

Several standard event types are frequently utilized in Plone:

- **`zope.lifecycleevent.interfaces.IObjectCreatedEvent`**: Triggered just after an object is created but before it is added to its container.
- **`zope.lifecycleevent.interfaces.IObjectAddedEvent`**: Occurs when an object has been added to its container.
- **`zope.lifecycleevent.interfaces.IObjectModifiedEvent`**: Fired when an object is modified.
- **`zope.lifecycleevent.interfaces.IObjectRemovedEvent`**: Triggered when an object is removed from its container.

These events are part of the `zope.lifecycleevent` package and are integral to Plone's event-handling infrastructure.

## Registering Event Handlers

> Event handlers can be registered in two primary ways: using ZCML (Zope Configuration Markup Language) or Python decorators.

Reviewer: Unless one uses Grok (discouraged) this is wrong. ZCML is always needed. The whole section needs adjustments.
